Danny's IS-10 Changes (merge into dannym-refactor) (#10)
AMWA-TV/nmos-authorization: docs/4.1. Behaviour - Clients.md

containing the required details).

Clients are RECOMMENDED to provide for the OAuth 2.0 Dynamic Client Registration Protocol [RFC 7591][RFC-7591] to allow
for zero-configuration setup. NMOS Nodes SHOULD be capable of registering dynamically in order to limit the
configuration associated with large numbers of Nodes coming online simultaneously.

Clients that do not register with an explicit `token_endpoint_auth_method` parameter will be registered as a

> Confidential Client and issued with a client secret. Public clients MUST specify a value of "none" for this parameter

Reviewer: Is "none" defined in an RFC for this parameter?

Author: ```
RFC 7591: "none": The client is a public client as defined in OAuth 2.0,
         Section 2.1, and does not have a client secret."
```

to notify the Authorization Server that is is a public client.

## Client Credentials

Clients operating with a client secret SHOULD support using HTTP Basic Authentication, as per Section 2 of
[RFC 2617][RFC-2617], to authenticate with the Authorization Server in the manner described in Section 2.3.1 of
[RFC 6749][RFC-6749].

Client credentials SHOULD be stored by the client in a safe, permission-restricted, location in non-volatile memory in

> case of a device restart to prevent duplicate registrations. Client secrets SHOULD be hashed before being stored to

Reviewer: Does the client secret not get passed in requests? If so perhaps 'encrypted' would be more appropriate? A hash sounds like a one-way procedure.

reduce the chance of client secret leaking.

## Client Endpoints

Clients implementing the Authorization Code Grant MUST host at least a single endpoint, the Redirection Endpoint, as
described in Section 3.1.2 in [RFC 6749][RFC-6749], capable of receiving a request containing the authorization code.
This endpoint MUST be exactly identical to one of the entries in the array of redirect URI's registered during client
registration.

Redirect URIs MUST be complete (fully-qualified) and not use pattern-matching, as this makes them susceptible to
Redirect URI Validation Attacks, described in Section 4.1. in [oauth-bcp-13].

All registered redirect URI's for Clients SHOULD mandate use of TLS or other transport-layer security
method.

It is RECOMMENDED that clients host a second endpoint, capable of generating a valid redirect to the Authorization

> Server's authorization endpoint, to easily facilitate the authorising of NMOS devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Server's authorization endpoint, to provide the means for a user to obtain the initial token for NMOS devices.
```
